PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information. It applies to the applications website and all related sites, applications, services and tools regardless of how you access or use them.

KosovoApp quality web administrator; hereafter referred to as application, has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of the users of our websites. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy, and how we treat personally identifiable information collected from our visitors and users.

Body of this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy covers applications's treatment of personally identifiable information collected by applications through this website owned and operated by applications.
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that application does not own or control, or of persons that application does not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any third-party websites to which applications websites link.
Collection and Use of Personal Information

You can visit the websites of application without revealing any personal information. 

Changes to this Privacy Policy

Questions or Suggestions

If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own personal information, please e-mail us at privacy@thathrowdown.com.
 

NOTE-You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access, or use our products, services, content, features, technologies or functions offered on our website and all related sites, applications, and services; collectively termed ThaThrowDown.com services. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. In addition, if the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with30 days’ prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "News Updates" page of our website. 
